The goal of this application was to help automate some of the ordering systems and maintain and track inbound and outbound loads for inventory purposes. The user outlined that they needed a grid-based layout of all their inventory products in a way for the items to be added and deducted from their inventory and alerted when particular objects are reaching zero, and send a notification to the proper people to order more. With all this information in mind, I created three screens 1 is the main page for the user to log in, the second screen was for inventory and shining what you had on hand, and the third screen was to show what product was on outbound shipments and how many we had left in stock. Then I divided up the access between three different users. One was the fundamental user that would use it daily to keep track of inventory. The second was their manager to keep track of their progress of either picking or fulfilling and tracking the inventory status. A third was the ordering department in charge of making sure there was enough product to pull and ship out. Every user had the same three screens, but with different access levels, a manager could track their performance and see who was picking the product's quality or volume.
In contrast, the ordering department tracked how much product worked on outbound trucks and how much was coming in to know if there was an increased demand for particular items. The strategy used was very much focused on who this app would be targeting in their positions and then strategized on what type of functions they would need to perform their jobs accurately, and from there, I am shorted to code accordingly. I then ran the program and tested each part of the code. This is important because there were some bugs I had to fix with the notification and it also revealed that some of the functions may have been a little bit too overbearing for our standard phone to use. So when considering the complete application design and development process, I failed to calculate the hardware limitations, and that's where I faced the most challenge since there are different types of hardware out there in different kinds of phones. So I needed to make some of my functions less process-intensive to make them more functional. Overall, I gained quite a bit of knowledge of how a mobile application is developed. I thought there'd be a lot more coding for the screens and lower the different screens together than there was. I successfully got and linked the screens together, especially the login to the main home screen. But from there, I did struggle a bit and have grown and am still working on making a better working application.
